The website belongs to Church of Christ Union Church, Bhubaneswar.
The navigation bar contains the following menu items:
•	Home 
•	About 
•	Gallery 
•	Activities 
•	Prayer Wings 
•	Events 
•	Blog 
•	Admin 
The website also includes links to the church's official social media platforms:
•	Facebook 
•	Instagram 
•	YouTube
Navbar/about/history: About
Our History
The journey of Church of Christ (Union Church), Bhubaneswar
The modern Bhubaneswar we see today was a large patch of forest when India won freedom in 1947. It was the then political leadership in Odisha which decided to set up a new capital city in Bhubaneswar which was limited to a small habitation at that time with the Howrah-Madras railway line passing by it. The then Prime Minister Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru visited the place on April 13, 1948 and laid the foundation of the new capital city at the very spot where the state Legislative Assembly stands today.
The first move to build the new city began with the shifting of government employees in the 1940s from Cuttack to Bhubaneswar. The plan and design of the township was entrusted to the famous architect Le Corbusier. A few Christian believers working in the government shifted to the new location with their families. The town was divided into different Units with numbers. Construction of new office buildings and quarters to house the employees began in right earnest and some employees were provided accommodation in those new buildings. Most others preferred to commute daily to the new emerging township from Cuttack, a distance of 25 km. It was a time when wild animals often roamed the under construction town forcing people to stay indoors after sundown.
The urge to have a worship of their own continued to grip the Christian population who decided to start a fellowship in the residential quarter of a believer, Mr. Suresh Chandra Behera on November 5, 1948. As some of the families chose to visit their native places on Saturdays and Sundays, the worship was held on Fridays. Subsequently, the place of weekly worship shifted to the quarter of Mr. Prasanna Kumar Padhi in Unit-2 area from July 2, 1950. A committee was formed to manage the affairs of the small congregation with Rev. E.R.Lazarus, Mr. E.L. Rout and Mr. Manmohan Jachuck being appointed as President, Secretary and Treasurer respectively. Mr. E.L.Rout was later appointed as President with Mr. Rasbihari Singh as the Secretary in 1951. The place of worship again was shifted to the residence of Mr. Bipin Chandra Sarangi with effect from July 18, 1952.
The number of Christians in the town rose after a number of government offices were shifted to Bhubaneswar in 1954. The general body of the fellowship then decided at its meeting held on September 24, 1954 to have the worship on Sundays instead of Friday. The Sunday School began to function in May 1954 because of the endeavour of Mr. Bishnu Charan Pattnaik, Mr. Daniel Carey Patra, Mr. Fanindra Kumar Behera, Ms. Sushila Singh, Ms. Urmila Pattnaik and Mr. Maniklal Jee Jachuck. Mr.Bishnu Charan Pattnaik became the first Superintendent of the Sunday School.
The proposal to affiliate the Church either to Cuttack District Church Council or Puri District Church Council was discussed several times in the general body meetings but it was finally decided that the church should remain independent. Rev. Simeon Sahu joined as the first honorary Pastor of the Church in 1955. The leadership also changed hands with Dr. David Rabindra Nath Sahu as President to interact with the government for the purpose of getting a piece of land to build the Church. Besides Dr. Sahu, the other members of the committee were Mr. Pradyot Kumar Mohapatra, Mr. Suryakanta Mohanty, Mr. Rasbihari Singh and Mr. Prasanna Kumar Padhi. The committee was subsequently reorganized with Rai Bahadur Samuel Das as its President, Mr. Pradyot Kumar Mahapatra as its Vice-President, Mr. Alin Kumar Rout as its Secretary, Mr. Sisir Kumar Pati as the Engineer-in-charge, Mr. Prasanna Kumar Padhi as Architect, Mr. Baranidhi Behera as Treasurer and Mr. Manoranjan Mohapatra as Auditor.
The other members of the broad-based committee were the Church secretary Mr. Bishnu Charan Pattnaik, Mr. Fanindra Kumar Behera, Mr. Nirmal Chandra Naik, Mr. Hruday Kumar Das, Mr. Paul Senapati, Mr. Parag Ranjan Rout, Mr. Abantika Prasad, Mr. Manmohan Jachuck, Mr. D.S.Mohanty and Mr. Rajendra Kumar Parida. There was a long debate as to what should be the name of the church and it was finally christened as Church of Christ (Union Church) in the general body meeting held in November 1960.
The continuous efforts of the committee paid off when the government provided the long awaited piece of land for construction of the church. It was decided to first construct the Pastor’s quarter as it would incur less expenditure and would temporarily be used as the place of worship and to conduct the Sunday School there till enough funds could be raised to construct the main Church building. The foundation stone of the Church was laid amidst prayers offered by the members of the congregation on December 17, 1960. Meanwhile, the Pastor’s quarter was completed and it was dedicated to the Lord on September 24, 1961. As the construction of the Church building began, Christian families contributed one to two month’s income in instalments to speed up the work. The work was completed and the worshippers gathered together to thank and praise the Lord on March 8, 1964 at the dedication ceremony.
The new church building was then used for the worship and two months later an English worship service in the morning was added to the schedule which is continuing today. The Pastor Rev. Simeon Sahu left in 1958 and the Church was without a Pastor for nine years subsequently. The eminent servant of the Lord, Rev. Subodh Sahu joined the Church as its honorary Pastor in January 1967 for four years. During his tenure, Rev. Sahu took the leadership in organizing the first All Odisha Pastors’ Conference in January 1968. It was attended by over 700 delegates from different districts. Rev. Sahu also took the lead in organizing a fellowship in 1968 for the young people. It included Bible Study lessons to help them grow in their spiritual life. A youth fellowship under the banner of Christian Endeavour Union was launched in the Church in 1972 and it continued to grow under the leadership of Dr. Bidyut Kumar Pramanik, a senior government official who was the General Secretary of the India Christian Endeavour Union at that time. The Christian Endeavour turned out to be an asset for the Church with its members helping and participating in spiritual programs and excelling in social service as well. The decade of the 1970s was a golden period for the youth of the Church.
Subsequently, a worship centre was established in the Chandrasekharpur area in a rented house as the city began to expand in all directions. It is still being conducted there in a rented building where worship in Odia is held every Sunday morning preceded by Sunday School classes.
The Pastors who served the Church included Rev. Simeon Sahu, Rev. Subodh Sahu, Rev. Sadananda Patra, Rev. Saroj Sahoo, Rev. Juria Bardhan, Rev. P.Niranjan James and Rev. David Rout. Rev. Manmohan Das and Rev. Bibhuti Kumar Nayak also served the Church as Associate Pastors for short spells while Rev. Ayub Chhinchani, who joined the Church as Evangelist and later served as Assistant Pastor, is the only minister serving the congregation now as Associate Pastor. Two of the Church Elders, Rev. Alin Kumar Rout and Rev. Nithaniel Supakar, were ordained by the Church to assist in the Pastoral ministry. Rev. Rout passed away last year after which the congregation chose Mr. Stephen Behera to replace late Rout. Mr. Behera was subsequently ordained for the purpose.
Those who have served the Church as President since its inception included Mr. E.R.Lazarus, Mr. E.L.Rout, Mr. Bishnu Charan Pattnaik, Dr. David Rabindra Nath Sahu, Rev. Simeon Sahu, Mr. Pradyot Kumar Mahapatra, Mr. Jiban Ballav Singh, Mr. Nirmal Chandra Naik and Mr. Mihir Kumar Patra. The post of President was subsequently abolished following amendment to the constitution.
The Secretaries who have served the Church included late E.L.Rout, late Rasbihari Singh, late Bishnu Charan Pattnaik, late Alin Kumar Rout, late Prabhudatta Das, late Akshaya Kumar Mohapatra, Mr. Daniel Das, Dr. Bidyut Kumar Pramanik, Dr. Satyananda Patra, Mr. Fanindra Kumar Behera, late Dhirendra Kumar Samantaray, Mr. John Bunyan Das, Mr. Susanta Kumar Das, Mr. Binoy Kumar Muduli, Mr. Biswamohan Pradhan, late Sudhanshu Kumar Das, Mr. Pulak Kumar Pramanik, Mr. Sanjeeb Kumar Das, Mr. Paresh Kumar Das, Mr. JM Manna Whitson, and Mr. Michael Rajesh Behera (Present Secretary)
Many of these leaders, having diligently served the Lord, have passed on to Eternity while several others and still active in His Service, we praise God for each one of them. In 1998, the church was registered as a society under the Societies Registration Act.
Navbar/about/what we believe: 
About
What We Believe
The core tenets of our faith and foundational doctrines.
We believe the Bible to be the inspired, the only infallible, authoritative Word of God.
(1 Thessalonians 2:13; 2 Timothy 3:15-17)
We believe that there is one God, eternally existent in three persons: Father, Son, and Holy Spirit.
(Matthew 28:19; John 10:30; Ephesians 4:4-6)
We believe in the deity of the Lord Jesus Christ, in His virgin birth, in His sinless life, in His miracles, in His vicarious and atoning death through His shed blood on the cross, in His bodily resurrection, in His ascension to the right hand of the Father, and in His personal return in power and glory.
(Matthew 1:23; John 1:1-4 and 1:29; Acts 1:11 and 2:22-24; Romans 8:34; 1 Corinthians 15:3-4; 2 Corinthians 5:21; Philippians 2:5-11; Hebrews 1:1-4 and 4:15)
We believe that all men everywhere are lost and face the judgment of God, that Jesus Christ is the only way of salvation, and that for the salvation of lost and sinful man, repentance of sin and faith in Jesus Christ results in regeneration by the Holy Spirit.
(Luke 24:46-47; John 14:6; Acts 4:12; Romans 3:23; 2 Corinthians 5:10-11; Ephesians 1:7 and 2:8-9; Titus 3:4-7)
We believe in the ministry of the Holy Spirit, whose indwelling enables the Christian to live a godly life.
(John 3:5-8; Acts 1:8, 4:31; Romans 8:9; 1 Corinthians 2:14; Galatians 5:16-18; Ephesians 6:12; Colossians 2:6-10)
We believe in the resurrection of both the saved and the lost; the saved unto the resurrection of eternal life and the lost unto the resurrection of damnation and eternal punishment.
(1 Corinthians 15:51-57; Revelation 20:11-15)
We believe in the spiritual unity of believers in the Lord Jesus Christ and that all true believers are members of His body, the Church.
(1 Corinthians 12:12, 27; Ephesians 1:22-23)
We believe that the ministry of evangelism and discipleship is a responsibility of all followers of Jesus Christ.
(Matthew 28:18-20; Acts 1:8; Romans 10:9-15; 1 Peter 3:15)
We believe that we must dedicate ourselves to prayer, to the service of our Lord, to His authority over our lives, and to the ministry of evangelism.
(Matthew 9:35-38; 22:37-39, and 28:18-20; Acts 1:8; Romans 10:9-15 and 12:20-21; Galatians 6:10; Colossians 2:6-10; 1 Peter 3:15)
We believe that human life is sacred from conception to its natural end; and that we must have concern for the physical and spiritual needs of our fellowmen.
(Psalm 139:13; Isaiah 49:1; Jeremiah 1:5; Matthew 22:37-39; Romans 12:20-21; Galatians 6:10)

Navbar/about/supervisory committee: About
Supervisory Committee
Established through the constitutional amendment adopted on November 8, 2025.
The Supervisory Committee of the Church of Christ (Union Church), Bhubaneswar, was conceived during the amendment of the Church constitution which was adopted by the General Body of the Church on November 8, 2025.
The absence of a body to oversee the overall functioning of the Church and its different wings, maintain discipline and supervise and conduct the selection of Elders, Deacons and Deaconesses who shall constitute the Church Board, was felt since long. The entire weight of managing the Church was laid on the Church Board.
A system has been put in place through the new amendment of the Constitution enabling the creation of the Supervisory Committee which shall have five members with one of them functioning as its Convenor. Two more stand-by members of the Committee shall also be selected who shall fill up a vacancy, if it arises.
Roles & Responsibilities
Oversee and conduct the selection of Church Board members — Elders, Deacons and Deaconesses.
Supervise the functioning of different Church wings including the Mahila Sabha, Sunday School, Christian Endeavour Union, and others.
Function as the Disciplinary Committee of the Church — introduced for the first time through the new amendment.
Take all decisions pertaining to maintenance of discipline in the Church covering all members, associate members, Pastors, Evangelists and employees.
Committee Members
Mr. Paresh Kumar DasConvenor
Mr. Ranjan PatiMember
Mr. Rajballabh SupakarMember
Mr. Ranjan RoutMember
Mr. Tapas DeyMember
Constitutional Authority
The Supervisory Committee also functions as the Disciplinary Committee of the Church — introduced for the first time — covering all Church members, associate members, Pastors, Evangelists and employees.

Navbar/about/leadership: About
Leadership Team
Meet the dedicated individuals serving our congregation.
Pastoral Team
Rev. Dr. Ayub Chhinchani
📞9437418423
 Rev. Songram Keshari Singh
📞9437284415
Rev. Satish Kumar Pani
📞9438518776

Church Board (2026-29)
Meet the leadership team
The selection was held on 21st & 23rd January, 2026, by the five-member Supervisory Committee of the Church.
Office Bearers
•	Mr. Michael Rajesh Behera – Secretary 
•	Mr. Smruti Ranjan Nayak – Joint Secretary 
•	Mr. Suranjan Thomas – Treasurer 
Elders
•	Mr. Asish Baran Parida – Elder 
•	Mr. Biren Kumar Pradhan – Elder 
•	Mr. Pradip Kumar Roul – Elder 
•	Mr. Sarat Kumar Singh – Elder 
•	Mr. Sishir Baran Puri – Elder 
Deacons & Deaconesses
•	Mr. Adit Jena – Deacon 
•	Mr. Amrut Kumar Jena – Deacon 
•	Mr. Benjamin Peter – Deacon 
•	Mr. Bipra Charan Digal – Deacon 
•	Mr. Gokula Chandra Pradhan – Deacon 
•	Mr. Manas Ranjan Behera – Deacon 
•	Mr. Prafulla Kumar Dash – Deacon 
•	Mr. Pravat Kumar Chand – Deacon 
•	Mr. Rajsekhar Sahu – Deacon 
•	Mr. Ranjan Gan – Deacon 
•	Mr. Santosh Kumar Nayak – Deacon 
•	Mr. Satya Ranjan Singh – Deacon 
•	Mr. Sudhir Kumar Swain – Deacon 
•	Ms. Swarnamayee Patra – Deaconess 
•	Ms. Madhuleeta Samantaray – Deaconess 
Stand-by Members
•	Mr. Samir Kumar Patro – Stand-by Member 
•	Prof. Anup Kumar Samantaray – Stand-by Member 
•	Ms. Madhusmita Rout – Stand-by Member 
Support Staff
•	Mr. Sobhajan Pradhan – Caretaker 
•	Mr. Krushna Chandra Digal – Support Staff
Navbar/about/secretary’s corner: 
From the Secretary's Desk
Secretary's Corner
Church of Christ, Union Church — Worship, Fellowship & Witness
Church of Christ, Union Church
Worship • Fellowship • Witness
Dear friends,
Greetings to you on behalf of the Pastors & leaders of Church of Christ, Union Church, Bhubaneswar.
It's a joy & privilege for me to welcome you to this online facility service.
Church of Christ (Union Church) is interdenominational, Bible centered, Christ-centered, peace-loving, open to providing spiritual help or prayer support, counseling to anyone aspiring to know GOD or about the eternal Salvation he has provided to mankind, and overall non-promoting of any religion but committed to nation-building or fulfilling of GOD's divine Will, and thereby enhancing GOD'S Kingdom purposes for the good of one & all.
The details on Worship, prayer meetings, events for children, youth, women, elders, families, media & social work related endeavours, festive events, etc., can all be found in this web site.
This GOD-given premises/Church has been a blessing since year 1964, to many & believe will continue to be so for all the generations to come, for his own glory.
If you have been staying in Bhubaneswar or visiting Bhubaneswar, please don't hesitate to come over to visit this "house of prayer" and be blessed! For any details please contact me or any of the Pastors!
With thanks & prayers,
Yours in His service,
✝
Er. Michael Rajesh Behera
Secretary, Church of Christ
Union Church, Bhubaneswar
+91 9439919188+91 7337377288
Our Core Identity
Bible Centered
Grounded in the unchanging truth of Scripture.
Christ Centered
Jesus Christ at the heart of all we do.
Peace Loving
Committed to unity, grace, and harmony.
Interdenominational
Open to all who seek the living God.
Prayer & Counsel
Available for spiritual help to anyone who seeks.
Nation Building
Fulfilling God’s divine will for our community.
Since 1964, A God-given house of prayer – a blessing to generations past, present, and those yet to come.


navbar/about/pastor’s note:

About
Pastor’s Note
A message of faith, hope and encouragement from our Pastors.

Rev. Dr. Ayub Chhinchani
Pastor, Church of Christ Union Church.
We greet you and welcome you to our new website with a brand new look and new features. It is quite encouraging and overwhelming that many lives are being touched and transformed through online sermons. This gives us a great sense of satisfaction and fulfillment in the Lord and propels us to toil even harder and stronger for the cause of Christ.
I extend my heartfelt gratitude to all of you for taking time to visit our website. Our new website is created with much prayer and serious purpose and is geared towards catering to the needs of our believers and people at large — featuring updates on all the church activities and special programmes beginning from Sunday worship to Bible study, baptism, prayer meetings, women's fellowship, youth fellowship, Sunday school, and Christian Endeavour.
We, as the body of Christ, envision accomplishing the three-fold purposes of the local Church — Worship, Fellowship, and Witnessing — in and around our city and beyond. Church of Christ is composed of individuals and families who have discovered meaning and purpose for living through a personal relationship with Jesus as Savior and Lord.
We strive to proclaim the Good News of Jesus Christ to the community and the world, equip members by teaching the Word of God in its authority and entirety with accurate interpretation — depending on the guidance of the Holy Spirit — to be rooted and grounded in the Word of God for the ministry, encourage and promote Christ-like maturity, love and fellowship in order to glorify God in all aspects of life.
Any time you are in the city looking for a church to worship and fellowship, look no further — just drop by our church which is closest to the railway station and airport. We welcome people from all walks of life and all backgrounds. It will be an honour to meet and know you and your family when you visit us. Soli Deo Gloria! (Glory to God). May God Bless you richly!

Rev. Songram K. Singh
Pastor, Church of Christ Union Church.
A Warm Welcome to Our Church Family. Welcome home. Whether you are clicking through our website for the first time or you have been part of this community for years, I am so glad you are here.
At its heart, our church is not just a building or a Sunday service — it is a community of people learning what it means to love God and love our neighbours well. We are a diverse group of imperfect people, all gathering around the message of hope, grace, and redemption found in Jesus. We believe that no matter where you are on your spiritual journey — whether you are just beginning to ask questions or you have walked with God for a lifetime — you have a vital place in our church family.
Life can often feel overwhelming, busy, and isolating. My deepest prayer is that when you walk through our doors, you find a space where you can breathe, be yourself, and experience the warmth of true community. We are committed to being a church that points toward hope in a world that often feels divided.
We invite you to join us this Sunday. Come as you are, bring your questions, and find a place to connect. You don't have to navigate life alone; we would love to walk this path with you.
If there is ever any way our team can serve you, pray for you, or help you get connected to a small group, please do not hesitate to reach out. We are honoured that you are considering us as your church family. Grace and peace.

Rev. Satish Ku. Pani
Pastor, Church of Christ Union Church.
Welcome to Our Church Family. We are delighted to welcome you to our website. Whether you are seeking a place to worship, looking for spiritual guidance, exploring the faith in Christ, or simply visiting — we are grateful that you are here.
"Church of Christ Union Church" is a community built on faith, hope, and love, centred on biblical teachings. We believe that every person is valued by God and has a unique purpose in God's plan. No matter where you are on your spiritual journey, you will find a warm and caring family ready to walk alongside you.
As the body of Christ, Jesus is the head of this Church and we are focused on the three-fold purposes — Worship, Fellowship, and Witness. We believe and practice worship by praising and honouring God in truth and spirit. We strongly believe in fellowship as the Bible emphasises it as an essential part of Christian life, promoting unity, love, and mutual care (Acts 2:42). We witness of Christ Jesus through our words and actions that He is the Son of God, the Saviour of the world (Acts 1:8).
It is greatly encouraging to know that our website has been visited by people from near about 35 different countries, and every sermon posted on YouTube has been heard by many. Many lives are being touched and transformed — and this gives us a great sense of satisfaction and fulfilment in the Lord.
"Come to me, all you who are weary and burdened, and I will give you rest." — Matthew 11:28. May God's peace, grace, and blessings be with you today and always. We look forward to welcoming you in person and sharing the journey of faith together.

Navbar/about/service timing: 

About
Service Times
Join us for worship, prayer, and fellowship throughout the week.
Sunday Services
•	English Worship: 10:00 am
•	Odia Worship: 4:30 pm
•	C.S. Pur Worship Center: 10:00 am
•	Kalinga Vihar Worship Center: 10:00 am
•	Sundarpada Worship Center: 10:00 am
Prayer Times
•	Morning Prayer: 7:00 am (Monday-Saturday)
•	Monday Prayer: 7:00 pm
•	Cottage Prayer: 7:00 pm every Thursday
(held in 16 different Prayer zones)
Online Zoom Prayers are held too.
Sunday School
•	Every Sunday Morning: 8:00 am - 9:45 am
•	English Sunday School: starts @ 10:00 am
(during the English Worship Service)
Ladies Fellowship
•	Maa Sabha (Mahila Samiti): 4:00 pm every Saturday
•	Monthly Church Chain Prayer (2nd Saturday): 11:00 am - 12:00 pm
•	Fasting Prayer (Last Saturday): 11:00 am - 1:00 pm
Youth Speaks
•	C.E. Union meets: 7:00 pm every Tuesday
•	Youth Fellowship meets: 5:30 pm every Saturday
Choir Practice
•	English Choir: 7:00 pm every Friday
•	Odia Choir: 7:00 pm every Saturday
Baptism & Counselling
•	Baptism Class: Every Saturday @ 4:30 pm
•	Pre-Marital Counselling: Provided to candidates by Pastors.
•	General Counselling: Freely available via our Pastors and Evangelists.

Navbar/about/contact us: Contact Us
Get in Touch
We would love to hear from you. Reach out for prayer, support, or general inquiries.
Need Prayers!!!
Call our Pastors
Rev. Dr. Ayub Chhinchani
+91 6370484780
Rev. Songram Keshari Singh
+91 9437284415
Rev. Satish Pani
+91 7008535404
Email Us
pastor@unionchurch.in
Church Issues!
Talk to Secretary
Er. Michael Rajesh Behera
+91 9439919188+91 7337377288
Email Us
secretary@unionchurch.in
Connect with us
Follow our social media channels to stay updated

Facebookfacebook.com/cocbhubaneswar
YouTubeyoutube.com/cocbhubaneswar
Instagraminstagram.com/cocbbsr
Twittertwitter.com/COCUCBBSR

In gallery section of navbar, one can find recent photos which are also uploaded to Instagram of our church handle.

Navbar/activities/Sunday school: 
Activities
Sunday School
Rooting our children in the Word of God from their very first years.
Regular Sunday School
8:00 AM – 9:45 AM
Extended English Sunday School
10:00 AM onwards
Schedule
Every Sunday Morning
The Sunday School Ministry of the Church of Christ (Union Church), Bhubaneswar, is a vibrant and nurturing ministry dedicated to imparting biblical values and Christian teachings to children from an early age. The ministry aims to help children know God personally, understand His Word, develop Christian character, and grow into faithful followers of Jesus Christ.
Every Sunday, children gather in an atmosphere of love, learning, and fellowship where they are taught Bible stories, memory verses, Christian songs, and prayers that help them apply God’s teachings in their daily lives. The Sunday School serves as a foundation for the spiritual growth of children, encouraging them to build a lifelong relationship with Christ and actively participate in the life of the Church.
“Train up a child in the way he should go, and when he is old he will not depart from it.” — Proverbs 22:6
Separate Sunday School classes are also conducted at the Chandrasekharpur and Kalinga ViharWorship Centres, extending the ministry’s reach and ensuring that children from different locations receive sound biblical instruction.
As an expression of Christian love and care, refreshments are provided to the Sunday School children every Sunday after the classes. This time of fellowship nourishes the children physically and encourages friendship, sharing, and a sense of belonging within the church family.
Sunday School Class Distribution
AgeSchool ClassSunday School Class
3–5 yearsUKG – Class 1Beginner
6–9 yearsClass 2–4Primary
10–13 yearsClass 5–7Junior
14–16 yearsClass 8–9Intermediate
17+ yearsClass 10 onwardsSenior
Examinations
To encourage regular learning and spiritual growth, the Sunday School conducts examinations twice a year. Students appear for both Half-Yearly and Annual Sunday School Examinations, which assess their understanding of Bible lessons, memory verses, and biblical knowledge taught throughout the year.
The examinations help children strengthen their understanding of God’s Word and motivate them to study the Scriptures diligently. Outstanding performers are recognised and encouraged during the annual prize-giving and Christmas celebrations.
Annual Programs for Children
Sunday School Annual Picnic.
Sunday School Annual Retreat.
World Sunday School Day Celebration.
Sunday School Prize-Giving Distribution and Christmas Celebrations.
Sunday School Leadership
Advisors of Sunday School — BBSR
Rev. Songram Keshari Singh📞 9437226415
Rev. Dr. Ayub Chinchani📞 9437418423
Rev. Satish Kumar Pani📞 9438518776
Mrs. Ellen Pramanik📞 9437519609
Superintendent
Mr. Ashim Kumar Das
📞 9437805935
Accountant
Mrs. Prem Lata Franklin
📞 9178253901
Our Vision
To raise a generation of children who are rooted in God’s Word, grounded in Christian values, and equipped to serve the Lord with faith, love, and obedience.

Navbar/activities/Sunday worship:

Activities
Sunday Worship
Gathering together in the name of Christ — every Sunday, across all our centres.
English Service
10:00 AM
Union Church
Odia Service
4:30 PM
Union Church
Satellite Centres
10:00 AM
C.S. Pur · Kalinga Vihar · Sundarpada
Two Worship Services are held in Union Church every Sunday. The English Service starts at 10:00 AM, while the Odia Worship Service commences at 4:30 PM . Apart from this, we have 3 more Worship centres in Chandrasekharpur, Kalinga Vihar and Sundarpada. The Worship starts in all these centres at 10:00 AM every Sunday morning.
Lord’s Supper is observed in the 1st week here in Union Church. It is observed in the 2nd week in C.S. Pur, 3rd week in Kalinga Vihar Worship centre and 4th week in the Sundarpada Worship centre. Our Pastors conduct the Holy Communion on an alternate basis every month.
Besides Pastors (Rev. Songram Keshari Singh , Rev. Dr. Ayub Chhinchani and Rev. Satish Kumar Pani), preachers from within and outside the city and state are invited to share God’s Word on Sundays.
We are a Bible believing Church and we share the Gospel of Jesus Christ in its entirety. We believe the Church of Christ is not a pleasure boat, but a life boat for souls to be saved to the Kingdom of God.

Navbar/activities/satellite churches: 
Activities
Satellite Churches
Extending our worship, fellowship, and services across various regions in Bhubaneswar and beyond.
Sundays @ 10:00 AM
Chandrasekharpur Worship Center
Serving the community since the early 90s, offering Odia worship services and children's Sunday school.
📍 96, District Center, ChandrasekharpurView Details →
Sundays @ 10:00 AM
Kalinga Vihar Worship Center
Established in July 2015, this growing congregation gathers weekly for Odia worship and fellowship.
📍 Kalinga Vihar, BhubaneswarView Details →
Sundays @ 10:00 AM
Sundarpada Worship Center
Our third worship center established in 2017 to expand our outreach and bring the Gospel to Sundarpada.
📍 Sundarpada, BhubaneswarView Details →


Satellite Churches
Chandrasekharpur Worship Center
Serving the Chandrasekharpur community since the early 1990s.
Worship Timing
Every Sunday @ 10:00 AM
Location
Chandrasekharpur
Coordinator
Mr. Amon Chandra Nag
Evg. Pratap Kumar Sahoo
We have a vibrant Odia Worship Service held every Sunday morning at 10:00 AM. This worship center is located in the Chandrasekharpur area. The center started way back in the early 90’s and we have a wonderful congregation who turns up every Sunday morning to listen to God’s Word. On December 15, 2019, it was shifted to a new location at Chandrasekharpur.
The Lord’s Supper is being served every 2nd Sunday of the month. It is conducted by one of our Pastors.
Besides the Pastors and Deacons, preachers from within and outside the city are invited to speak at the different Worship services. Guest speakers are also invited to preach on special occasions.
They have their separate Sunday School for children in the area. The Sunday School classes are held in the morning before the main Worship Service commences at 10:00 AM.
⚠️ Kindly Note: On Christmas and Good Friday, there is no Service in the C.S. Pur Worship center as the Special Service is held only in the main Church of Christ (Union Church).

Satellite Churches
Kalinga Vihar Worship Center
A growing congregation in Kalinga Vihar, established in July 2015.
Worship Timing
Every Sunday @ 10:00 AM
Established
12th July, 2015
We have an Odia Worship Service held here every Sunday morning at 10:00 AM. This worship center was started on 12th July, 2015.
The Church has been growing numerically with every passing day. We had a wonderful congregation and continued worship there till April 2017. In May 2017, the center shifted to a new house in the same area and has been worshiping there since then.
The Lord’s Supper is served every 3rd Sunday of the month. It is given by either of our Pastors.
Besides the Pastors and Deacons, preachers from within and outside the city are invited to speak in the different Worship Services. Guest speakers are also invited to preach on special occasions.
⚠️ Kindly Note: On Christmas and Good Friday, there is no Service in the Kalinga Vihar Worship center as the Special Service is held only in the main Church of Christ (Union Church).

Satellite Churches
Sundarpada Worship Center
Our third worship center, established on 26th February 2017.
Worship Timing
Every Sunday @ 10:00 AM
Established
26th February, 2017
Coordinator
Evg. Ranjit Singh
We are extremely happy to inform you that the Lord has enabled us to start a third worship centre at Sundarpada. The Worship is held every Sunday at 10:00 AM at Sundarpada.
Both of our Pastors and other leaders share God’s Word along with other guest speakers. Being the 3rd worship center in the city, we have the Lord’s Supper on the 4th Sunday of the month.
Please pray that the Lord may use this new Worship center for His glory alone and let many people come to know Christ. All glory and majesty belongs to Him!
⚠️ Kindly Note: On Christmas and Good Friday, there is no Service in the Sundarpada Worship center as the Special Service is held only in the main Church of Christ (Union Church).

Navbar/activities/Christian endeavour union:

Activities
C.E Union
Christian Endeavour Union — established 28 May 1972, gathering young believers in fellowship, prayer, and service for Christ and His Church.
Established
28 May 1972
Weekly Meeting
Every Tuesday @ 7 PM
The Christian endeavour (CE) union was established on 28th Of May, 1972 at Church of Christ (Union Church), Bhubaneswar. For over five decades we have gathered in fellowship, prayer and service to strengthen young believers for Christ and His Church.
CE is a training platform to equip and prepare all members and young people for service in Christ and in the Church. There is no age bar for members in CE Union Bhubaneswar.
Annual membership fee:
Non-earning members —₹100Earning members —₹200Lifetime membership —₹1,000
Christian Endeavour Union (CE)
Newly elected CE board members for the year 2026 to 2028
PresidentDr Purnananda Pradhan
Vice PresidentSantanu Kumar Rout
SecretaryRev Amos Pradhan
Asst SecySamuel K Pradhan
TreasurerBenjamin Chouhan
Lookout Com SecySmrutirekha Pradhan
Lookout Asst SecyKalpita Pradhan
Social Com SecyKabita Das
Social Com SecySudipta Pradhan
Boithak SecyJohn Augustin Nayak
Programme Com SecySujoy kumar
AuditorRatan Dash
CE Union Advisers
Rev Songram K. SinghRev. Dr. Ayub ChhinchaniRev. Satish Kumar PaniJoachim Manas RanjanAsit Kumar MohantyAsish DasRanjan Kumar Nayak
Founder Members of CE Union Bhubaneswar
Mr. Daniel Das
Mr. Bidyut Kumar Pramanik
Mr. Elin Kumar Rout1st President
Mr. Paresh Kumar Das
Late Mr. Binoy Kumar Muduli
Mr. David Kamal Pradhan
Mr. Jayanta Das1st Secretary
Mrs. Sudhamati Pradhan
Four Cardinal Principles of CE
1Confession of Christ
2Service for Christ
3Loyalty to Christ's Church
4Fellowship with all Christ's people
Four Essentials of CE
1Weekly devotional meeting
2Monthly consecration service
3The covenant of pledge
4Committee work
Regular Meetings & Services
Weekly — Every Tuesday
CE Prayer Meeting
CE prayer meeting every Tuesday at 7:00 PM at COCUC Bhubaneswar, continuing since 28 May 1972.
Weekly — Every Sunday
Sangeet Upasana
Sangeet Upasana held by Boithak Committee members of CE in the home of an invited family at 7:00 PM.
Monthly — First Tuesday
Consecration Service
Our Pastors lead the consecration service and the meeting concludes by announcing the Oath of CE.
Annual — 2nd February
World CE Prayer Day
Observed every year on 2nd February with a morning service and Flag Hoisting with our respected elder brothers of CE at COCUC Bhubaneswar.
Annual
Annual Picnic
Once a year, CE and Church members visit outside together for fellowship and fun.
Annual — 28th May
Local CE Day
Celebrated on 28th May with a three-day programme: two days of revival meetings featuring invited resource persons, concluding in a love feast with a cultural programme on the 3rd day. Brothers and sisters who have served are honoured with momentos.
Service & Outreach
CE members are ready to help those in need — physically, mentally, and financially — whenever possible. We actively participate in:
Burial assistance
Medical aid
Blood donation drives
Patient care support
Governance
The office bearers and executive members are elected or appointed for the tenure of two years in the General Body Meeting, held in the presence of the Chief Advisor and other Pastors.

Navbar/activities/women’s fellowship:
Activities
Women's Fellowship
Mahila Sabha — nurturing women in their walk with Christ through prayer, fellowship, and service.
Meeting day every Saturday 4:30 pm, Amenity Hall, ground hall, Union Church. 
Winter Season Notice: The fellowship is preponed to 4:00 PM during the winter season.
The Mahila Sabha (Women’s Fellowship) of the Church of Christ (Union Church), Bhubaneswar, is a prayerful ministry dedicated to the spiritual growth, fellowship, and service of the women of the Church.
Recognising that mothers and women are the backbone of every family and play a significant role in strengthening the Church through prayer and service, the Mahila Sabha seeks to nurture women in their walk with Christ and encourage them to become faithful disciples and servants of God.
Please keep our Mahila Samiti (Women’s Fellowship) in your prayers always.
Services & Activities
Devotional songs and worship
Sharing of God’s Word
Testimonies and prayers
Intercessory prayer for the Church, families, and the community
Fellowship and spiritual encouragement among women
Women’s Retreats and Mahila Divas celebrations
Christmas celebrations and special programmes
Visiting and praying for the sick and those in need
Encouraging women to grow spiritually and actively participate in the life and ministry of the Church
Mahila Samiti Office Bearers (2023–2026)
Elected on 6th September 2023
Mrs. Manaharini MuduliPresident
Mrs. Minakhi RoutVice President
Mrs. Tarangini PradhanSecretary
Mrs. Itishree DasJoint Secretary
Mrs. Elizabeth MoharanaTreasurer
Satellite Fellowship Centres
To ensure that every woman can actively participate in fellowship, prayer, and spiritual growth without being hindered by distance and travel time, the Mahila Sabha conducts fellowship meetings in three satellite churches at 4:30 PM on every 1st, 2nd, 4th and 5th Saturday.
Sundarpada
Coordinator: Mrs. Sasmita Pradhan
Kalinga Vihar
Coordinator: Mrs. Reena Samal
Chandrasekharpur
Coordinator: Mrs. Pratima Tandi
Combined Monthly Gathering
3rd Saturday Bible Study — Amenity Hall, Union Church
On the third Saturday of every month, all women from the main Church and the three satellite fellowships — Sundarpada, Kalinga Vihar, and Chandrasekharpur — gather together at the Amenity Hall (Ground Floor), Church of Christ (Union Church), Bhubaneswar, for a special Bible Study session. These sessions are conducted by our Pastors or Guest speakers, promoting unity, learning, and spiritual enrichment in Christ.

Navbar/activities/baptism classes:
Activities
Baptism Classes
Guiding believers in their spiritual journey towards Christian baptism. Class day every Saturday 4:00 PM, Amenity Floor, 1st floor, Union Church. 
The Baptism Committee of the Church of Christ (Union Church), Bhubaneswar, is committed to guiding believers in their spiritual journey towards Christian baptism. The committee conducts Baptism Classes every Saturday at 4:00 PM in the First Floor of the Amenity Hall, providing a structured and Bible-based understanding of the Christian faith.
Recognising the needs of believers residing outside Bhubaneswar, the church also conducts live Zoom Baptism Classes simultaneously with the in-person sessions, ensuring that everyone has an opportunity to participate regardless of their location.
Candidates become eligible to receive Holy Baptism after successfully completing three months of instruction or a minimum of twelve Baptism classes.
Upon completion, candidates appear for a Baptism Interview conducted by the Baptism Committee to assess their understanding of the biblical teachings and their readiness to publicly confess their faith in Jesus Christ. Following their baptism, newly baptised members are presented with a Baptism Certificate along with the book “Basic Bible Doctrine” by Alban Douglas, and are dedicated to the church during the Odia Service.
Topics Covered
SinRepentanceForgivenessSalvationThe Holy Spirit
Classes Led By
Rev. Ayub Chinchani
Rev. Songram Keshari Singh
Rev. Satish Kumar Pani
Evg. Ranjit Singh
Evg. Pratap Kumar Sahoo
Enrolment — Contact Us
Those who desire to enrol in the Baptism Classes may contact:
Rev. Songram Keshari Singh
Evg. Ranjit Singh
Er. Michael Rajesh Behera (Secretary)
Baptism Committee Members
Rev. Dr. Ayub ChhinchaniConvenor
Rev. Songram Keshari SinghCo-Convenor
Rev. Satish Kumar PaniCo-Convenor
Er. Michael Rajesh BeheraSecretary
Evg. Pratap Kumar SahooMember
Evg. Ranjit SinghMember
Mr. Asit Kumar MohantyMember
Mrs. Jeeta PatiMember
Mrs. Alakananda SamantarayMember
Mrs. Madhuleeta SamantarayMember
Mrs. Anita NayakMember
Mrs. Swarnamayee PatraMember
What Scripture Says About Baptism
“Therefore go and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit.”
— Matthew 28:19 (NIV)
“In him you were also circumcised with a circumcision not performed by human hands. Your whole self ruled by the flesh was put off when you were circumcised by Christ, having been buried with him in baptism, in which you were also raised with him through your faith in the working of God, who raised him from the dead.”
— Colossians 2:11-12 (NIV)
“We were therefore buried with Him through baptism into death in order that, just as Christ was raised from the dead through the glory of the Father, we too may live a new life.”
— Romans 6:4 (NIV)

Navbar/activities/youth fellowship:

Activities
Youth Fellowship
Nurturing young believers in spiritual growth, leadership, and fellowship in Christ.
Class every Saturday, time 5:30 PM to 7:00 PM, First Floor, Amenity Hall, Union Church.
The Youth Fellowship of Church of Christ (Union Church), Bhubaneswar is a vibrant ministry dedicated to nurturing young believers in their spiritual growth, leadership, and fellowship with one another in Christ.
The fellowship provides an environment where young people can worship together, study the Word of God, build meaningful Christian friendships, and discover their God-given purpose.
Through worship, Bible study, fellowship, and service, the youth are strengthened in their faith and equipped to become effective witnesses for Christ.
Each Gathering Consists Of
1Live Worship and Praises
2Games and Interactive Activities
3Youth Centric Sermons and Discussions
4Prayer and Intercession
5Fellowship and Spiritual Encouragements
Topics Taught Throughout the Year
Relevant and practical topics to equip young believers in their spiritual journey:
Identity in ChristHow to Overcome TemptationDiscovering God's Purpose and CallingBuilding Godly Relationships and FriendshipsPurity and HolinessDealing with Peer PressureDigital Distractions & Setting BoundariesManaging Social Media from a Christian PerspectiveFaith in Difficult TimesForgiveness and ReconciliationStewardship and ResponsibilityChristian Living & ModestyMental and Emotional Well-being in Christ
Annual Activities
Church Youth Retreat
Every year — 15th August
The Youth Fellowship conducts a special Youth Retreat for all young people of the Church every year on 15th August, and all youth from the city are invited.
Youth Summer Camp
Annually in June (School & College Vacations)
One of the major annual activities — a three-day residential outing camp aimed at spiritual formation. In 2024 & 2025, held at St. Vincent Retreat Center, Gopalpur. In 2026, held at Ishopanti Ashram, Puri (15–17 June), featuring live worship, interactive sessions, indoor & outdoor fun activities, group discussions, and united prayer.
Youth Christmas Celebration
First Saturday of December, Every Year
Held every year, the celebration includes Christmas carols worship/Kirtan, Bible games, fellowship, gift exchange, and special performances by the youth.
What Scripture Says About Youth
"Don't let anyone look down on you because you are young, but set an example for the believers in speech, in conduct, in love, in faith and in purity."
— 1 Timothy 4:12
"How can a young person stay on the path of purity? By living according to your word."
— Psalm 119:9
"Hear, my son, and accept my words, and the years of your life will be many. I have taught you the way of wisdom; I have led you in straight paths. Enter them, do not turn aside. Keep hold of instruction, do not let go; guard it, for it is your life."
— Proverbs 4:10-13
Youth Committee
Mr. Smruti Ranjan NayakJoint Secretary & Convenor
Mr. JM Manna WhitsonCo-Convenor
Er. Michael Rajesh BeheraSecretary
Mr. Paresh Kumar DasCommittee Member
Rev. Songram Keshari SinghCommittee Member & Pastor
Rev. Satish Kumar PaniCommittee Member & Pastor
Rev. Satya Ranjan SinghCommittee Member & Pastor
Mr. Prafulla Kumar DashCommittee Member
Mrs. Aniva ChandCommittee Member

Navbar/Activities/Worship Team:

Activities
Worship Team
Leading the congregation in praising and glorifying God through music and worship.
Psalm 150:6: “Let everything that has breath Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord!”
— Psalm 150:6
The Church of Christ (Union Church), Bhubaneswar is blessed with two vibrant worship ministries that lead the congregation in praising and glorifying God through music and worship.
Odia Choir — Susamachar Sangita Dala
Leading worship in Odia through gospel songs, hymns, and special musical presentations.
Leads Worship
During the Odia Service
Choir Practice
Every Saturday @ 7:00 PM
Committee Members
Mr. Asit Kumar MohantyConvenor
Mr. Pradeep Kumar RoulCo-Convenor
Mrs. Swarnamayee PatraMember
Mrs. Jharana PradhanMember
Mr. Gokula Chandra PradhanMember
Mr. Obed Ranjan SinghMember
Mr. Benjamin PeterMember
Mrs. Dheera Rani SupakarMember
Er. Michael Rajesh BeheraSecretary
English Choir — Worship Team
Leading the congregation in contemporary and traditional worship songs during the English Service.
Leads Worship
During the English Service
Choir Practice
Every Friday @ 7:00 PM
Committee Members
Mr. Santanu Kumar MohantyConvenor
Miss. Indira PatraCo-Convenor
Mr. Adarsh VasaMember
Mrs. K. T. MaryMember
Mr. Amlan NagMember
Mr. Vinod MohantyMember
Er. Michael Rajesh BeheraSecretary
Purpose of Both Choir Ministries
To glorify God, strengthen fellowship among believers, and use music as a ministry to spread the message of salvation. Both choirs play an integral role in the worship life of the Church of Christ (Union Church), fostering unity, discipleship, and a spirit of praise as they minister through music and lead the congregation in worship.
Interested in Joining?
If you are willing to join the Odia or English Choir Worship Team, please connect with the respective Convenor or Co-Convenor listed above.

Navbar/Prayer Wings/Morning Prayer:

Prayer Wings
Morning Prayer
Anchoring our hearts in scripture, worship, and community prayer — every morning, Monday through Saturday.
“In the morning, Lord, You hear my voice; in the morning I lay my requests before You and wait expectantly.”
– Psalm 5:3
Days Mon – Sat (Except Sunday) Time 07:00 AM – 08:00 AM IST Venue Church & Online (Zoom)
IST
Venue
Church & Online (Zoom)
At the Church of Christ (Union Church), Bhubaneswar, we believe there is no better way to face the day than by anchoring our hearts in scripture, worship, and community prayer. Whether you are seeking strength for the week ahead, peace in a time of trial, or simply want to fellowship with God, our doors and hearts are open.
At Union Church, faithful worshippers come every day and pray for others’ needs and also for the State and the Nation. Even Jesus set an example for us as He used to pray early in the morning to His Father in Heaven.
As a Church, the importance of Prayer is utmost in these days. Because as believers, we are going to face difficult days in the future. We need the power from above to face trials — and that power we can receive only when we are on our knees and pray.
Join us as we gather to seek the Lord’s face, lift up our community, and intercede for one another. Both our Pastors, Deacons, and other members of the Church share God’s Word during this prayer time. Those who come regularly are thoroughly blessed.
Join Online via Zoom
Online Meeting Details
You can join from anywhere in the world. Open Zoom and enter the details below:
Meeting ID: 218 382 5185
Password: 12345
Please join a few minutes early to allow time to connect. Mute your microphone on entry.
Service Structure
TimeService Segment
15 MinOpening Prayer, Singing & Worship
15 MinSharing from God's Word (Message by the Day's Speaker)
25 MinSharing Prayer Points & Intercessory Prayer
5 MinClosing Prayer & Benediction
July 2026 — Speaker & Presiding Schedule
Keep up with our daily leadership roster. Come prepared to support our leaders and receive the Word.
Week 1 (July 1 – July 4)
01.07.2026
Wednesday
PresidingMr. Peter Digal
SpeakerRev. Dr. Ayub Chhinchani
02.07.2026
Thursday
PresidingMr. Sanjay Mallick
SpeakerMr. Sanjeeb Kumar Das
03.07.2026
Friday
PresidingRev. Dr. Ayub Chhinchani
Special FocusTestimony Time
04.07.2026
Saturday
PresidingMr. Tapas Dey
SpeakerRev. R P Pani
Week 2 (July 6 – July 11)
06.07.2026
Monday
PresidingMr. Samuel Pradhan
SpeakerMr. Asit Kumar Mohanty
07.07.2026
Tuesday
PresidingMr. Subash Pradhan
SpeakerMr. Ratan Kumar Das
08.07.2026
Wednesday
PresidingMrs. Minati Nanda
SpeakerMrs. Leena Pramanik
09.07.2026
Thursday
PresidingMr. Santanu Kumar Rout
SpeakerMr. Sobhajan Pradhan
10.07.2026
Friday
PresidingRev. Satish Kumar Pani
Special FocusPrayer Time
11.07.2026
Saturday
PresidingMrs. Sudhanshubala Dash
SpeakerRev. Dr. Binay Kumar Bardhan
Week 3 (July 13 – July 18)
13.07.2026
Monday
PresidingMr. Jalen Bardhan
SpeakerMr. Samuel Pradhan
14.07.2026
Tuesday
PresidingMr. Sanjay Mallick
SpeakerMr. Swarajya Jena
15.07.2026
Wednesday
PresidingMrs. Gautami Chowdhury
SpeakerMrs. Mamata Das
16.07.2026
Thursday
PresidingMr. Sobhajan Pradhan
SpeakerDr. J M Manna Whitson
17.07.2026
Friday
PresidingRev. Dr. Ayub Chhinchani
Special FocusTestimony Time
18.07.2026
Saturday
PresidingMr. Prasanta Das
SpeakerMr. Tapas Dey
Week 4 (July 20 – July 25)
20.07.2026
Monday
PresidingDr. Paul Kanhar
SpeakerMr. Subash Chandra Barik
21.07.2026
Tuesday
PresidingMr. Tapas Dey
SpeakerRev. Binod Kumar
22.07.2026
Wednesday
PresidingMrs. Kamalini Pradhan
SpeakerMrs. Minati Roul
23.07.2026
Thursday
PresidingMr. Sanjay Mallick
SpeakerMr. Prasad Tandy
24.07.2026
Friday
PresidingRev. Satish Kumar Pani
Special FocusPrayer Time
25.07.2026
Saturday
PresidingMr. Tapas Dey
SpeakerElder Mr. Pradeep Roul
Week 5 (July 27 – July 31)
27.07.2026
Monday
PresidingMr. Samuel Pradhan
SpeakerMr. Subash Ch Pradhan
28.07.2026
Tuesday
PresidingRev. Sunil Kar
SpeakerMr. Sobhajan Pradhan
29.07.2026
Wednesday
PresidingMr. Peter Digal
SpeakerRev. Amos Pradhan
30.07.2026
Thursday
PresidingMrs. Kamalini Pradhan
SpeakerMrs. Sanghamitra Supakar
31.07.2026
Friday
PresidingRev. Dr. Ayub Chhinchani
Special Focus Testimony Time
We encourage you as a congregation to please make yourself available to this Morning Prayer whenever it is convenient for you. We look forward to lifting our voices with you tomorrow morning!

Navbar/Prayer Wings/Monday Prayer:
Prayer Wings Monday Prayer Starting our week in His presence — gathering every Monday as a family in prayer, worship, and intercession.
Day & Time Every Monday | 7:00 PM – 8:00 PM In-Person Venue Ground Floor Amenity Hall Also Available Online via Zoom
There is no better way to anchor our week than coming together as a family in prayer. Every Monday, the Church of Christ (Union Church), Bhubaneswar gathers to seek God's face, intercede for our community, and lift up different matters of the Church.
Whether you join us in person or virtually, your presence and prayers matter! This dedicated time is spent in worship through songs, meditation, and prayer — conducted by our Associate Pastors, Deacons, or invited leaders.
Unless a Church prays, we cannot see lives being changed; we cannot fulfill the Great Commission which the Lord has given to His people. Do come and join us as we pray in faith on various matters.
Join Online via Zoom
Online Meeting Details
Join from anywhere in the world. Open Zoom and enter the details below:
Meeting ID: 218 382 5185
Passcode: 12345
Please join a few minutes early. Mute your microphone on entry to keep the atmosphere reverent.
Our Hour of Prayer
We value your time and follow a purposeful, 60-minute schedule to ensure we worship, learn, and pray effectively.
TimeProgramme
00 – 20 MinsOpening Prayer, Singing & Worship
20 – 35 MinsSharing from God's Word
35 – 55 MinsSharing Prayer Points & Intercession
55 – 60 MinsClosing Prayer & Benediction
Service Schedule — July 2026
Join us this month as our different church zones and leaders lead us into the throne room of grace.
DatePresided ByMessage ByWorship Led ByParticipating Prayer Zones
13.07.2026
Presided ByDn. Mr. Sudhir Swain
Message ByEr. Michael Rajesh Behera
Worship Led ByMr. Paresh Kumar Das
Prayer ZonesBethel Bethesda, Ebenezer, Gethsemane, Hebron & Golgotha
20.07.2026
Presided ByDn. Mr. Raj Sekhar Sahu
Message ByMr. Alekh Chandra Das
Worship Led By—
Prayer ZonesSinai, Bethel, Emmaus, Bethany & Sophia
27.07.2026
Presided ByDn. Mr. Amrut Jena
Message By—
Worship Led By—
Prayer ZonesHoreb, Mizpah, Hermon, Nazareth, Zion & Elim

“Again, truly I tell you that if two of you on earth agree about anything they ask for, it will be done for them by my Father in heaven.” — Matthew 18:19    
“Devote yourselves to prayer, being watchful and thankful.” — Colossians 4:2

Navbar/Prayer Wings/Thursday Cottage Prayer:
Prayer Wings Thursday Cottage Prayer Gather in Fellowship — Grow in Faith. Every Thursday, across 16 zones throughout Bhubaneswar.
Day Every Thursday Prayer Zones 16 Zones Across Bhubaneswar Format Cottage (Home) Meetings
Our Cottage Prayer meetings take place every single Thursday throughout the year at various locations across the city. These weekly small-group gatherings are a wonderful opportunity to fellowship, study the Word, and lift one another up in prayer right within your local neighborhood.
Every week, different houses within the same zone open their doors to host the meeting. This rotating hospitality allows different families to welcome the fellowship into their households, fostering deep bonds and a true sense of extended family.
Please tune up with your respective Zone Coordinators and kindly make it convenient to visit these Prayer meetings whenever possible.
What Happens at a Cottage Prayer Meeting
Rotating Home Hosting
Every week, different houses within the same zone open their doors to host the meeting — fostering deep bonds and a true sense of extended family.
Every Single Thursday
These meetings take place throughout the entire year without a break — a consistent weekly rhythm of prayer and devotion in your neighborhood.
Community Intercession
Each zone actively prays for their surrounding neighborhoods — interceding for those experiencing suffering, offering prayers for health and healing.
Collective Prayer Points
Along with local intercession, each zone prays for the collective prayer points shared by our Pastors in the Union Church WhatsApp group.
Invited Speakers
Speakers are invited by Prayer Coordinators in advance, planned for every 3–6 months, ensuring every meeting is enriched with the Word of God.
Spiritual Growth
These small-group gatherings are a wonderful opportunity to fellowship, study the Word, and grow in faith right within your local neighborhood.
About Our Prayer Zones
16Prayer Zones
To ensure everyone can find a spiritual home close by, our church is divided into 16 Prayer Zones across Bhubaneswar. Each zone is led by dedicated Prayer Coordinators who are ready to welcome you. Want to join your local prayer zone? Simply find your location from the link below and get in touch with the respective Prayer Coordinator to get involved.
Find Your ZoneA Special December Celebration 🎄 Zonal Christmas Celebration While we meet every week for prayer and devotion, the month of December brings a special festive joy. On one designated Thursday in December, every prayer zone hosts its own Zone Christmas Celebration — a beautiful time of festive fellowship, carols, sharing meals, and celebrating the birth of Christ together with neighbors and friends.     Can’t Find Your Zone? If you are unsure which zone your neighborhood falls under, or if you would like to host a Cottage Prayer meeting at your home, please reach out to the central church office or speak to us after the Sunday service. Come, let us pray and grow together!


Navbar/Prayer Wings/Evening Zoom Prayer:
Prayer Wings Evening Zoom Prayer Every Friday & Saturday — gathering online to intercede, worship, and pray for one another from wherever you are.
Days Every Friday & Saturday Time 07:00 PM – 08:00 PM IST Platform Zoom Only
Evening Zoom Prayer takes place every Friday and Saturday. During these sessions, we passionately intercede for our congregation and community. All are welcome to join from the comfort of your home.
During these sessions, we passionately intercede for:
The diverse prayer requests submitted by our congregation.
Prayer for healing of the sick.
Comfort, strength, and relief for our elders suffering from various ailments.
Join on Zoom
Zoom Meeting Details
Open Zoom on any device and enter the details below to join:
Zoom ID: 218 382 5185
Passcode: 12345
Please join a few minutes before 7:00 PM. Mute your microphone on entry. This is a Zoom-only session — there is no in-person venue.
Session Structure
Every session is structured to maximize our time in fellowship and intercession:
DurationProgramme
5 MinutesWelcome & Opening Prayer
10 MinutesWorship / Singing
15 MinutesDevotional Talk
25 MinutesPrayer & Intercession
5 MinutesThe Lord's Prayer & Benediction
July 2026 — Weekly Speaker & Leader Lineup
Plan your attendance and support our leaders as they guide us in prayer and the Word this month.
Date & DayLeaderSpeakerWorship
03.07.2026
Fri
LeaderEvg. Christopher Surya
SpeakerEvg. Christopher Surya
WorshipMr. Arun Kumar Pradhan
04.07.2026
Sat
LeaderMrs. Leena Pramanik
SpeakerEr. J K Mohanty
WorshipMrs. Madhuchhanda Roul
10.07.2026
Fri
LeaderMr. Rajesh Mohapatra
SpeakerMr. Prasad Tandy
WorshipMs. S Sudipta
11.07.2026
Sat
LeaderEvg. Ranjit Singh
SpeakerMr. Sanjeeb Kumar Das
WorshipMrs. Sujata Mohanty
17.07.2026
Fri
LeaderElder Mr. Pradeep Roul
SpeakerMr. Alekh Ch Das
WorshipMrs. Sasmita Das
18.07.2026
Sat
LeaderMrs. Binodini Sahoo
SpeakerRev. Pradeep Kumar
WorshipMrs. Binodini Sahoo
24.07.2026
Fri
LeaderMr. Prasad Tandy
SpeakerElder Mr. Pradeep Roul
WorshipMrs. Sasmita Pradhan
25.07.2026
Sat
LeaderMr. Alekh Ch Das
SpeakerMr. Jonathan Rout
WorshipMrs. Leena Pramanik
31.07.2026
Fri
LeaderMrs. Sasmita Pradhan
SpeakerMrs. Leena Pramanik
WorshipMrs. Suchismita Panda

Connect & Submit Prayer Requests If you or your loved ones require prayer, please do not hesitate to reach out. We are here to pray with you and for you. To submit a request, connect with us via call, WhatsApp, or email using the details on the right. Call / WhatsApp: 7656852269 Pator@unionchurch.in


Navbar/Prayer Wings/Quarterly Prayer Week:
Prayer Wings Quarterly Prayer Week Lifting Our Hearts in Unity — gathering as one body each quarter to intercede for mission fields, communities, and generations.
“The earnest prayer of a righteous person has great power and produces wonderful results.”
– James 5:16

When First Week of Every New Quarter This Quarter 6th – 11th July 2026 Daily Time 07:00 PM IST
The Church Quarterly Prayer Week takes place every first week of a new quarter. Join us as we gather as one body for six evenings of focused, mission-driven prayer.
Each evening, we will direct our hearts toward specific mission fields, communities, and generations — interceding for transformation, protection, and spiritual growth. These are not ordinary prayer meetings; they are moments where the entire church family unites in purpose and faith.

Evening Order of Service
We value your time and have structured our 1-hour corporate prayer to be focused and Spirit-led:
TimeSegment
00 – 20 MinsOpening Prayer, Singing & Worship
20 – 35 MinsSharing from God's Word (Speaker of the Day)
35 – 55 MinsSharing Prayer Points & Intercessory Prayer
55 – 60 MinsClosing Prayer & Benediction
Daily Schedule & Prayer Focus — July 2026
Each day is anchored to a specific mission field. Come prepared to intercede with purpose and faith.
Monday, 6th July 2026
Mission Field – Mayurbhanj
PresidingMr. Alekh Chandra Das
SpeakerMr. Sushil Kumar Deep
Worship Led ByBethany Zone
Special IntercessionPray for our evangelists laboring in Mayurbhanj, the breakthrough of the Gospel in tribal areas, and the local believers standing firm in faith.
Tuesday, 7th July 2026
Mission Field – Jagatsinghpur
PresidingMr. Swarajya Jena
SpeakerRev. Satyaranjan Singh
Worship Led ByBethel Zone
Special IntercessionPray for the spiritual revival of Jagatsinghpur, strength for the church-planting teams, and that the hearts of those attending the fellowships will be deeply rooted in God's Word.
Wednesday, 8th July 2026
Mission Field – Kendrapada
PresidingMr. K Subhashis Rao
SpeakerMr. Suman Das
Worship Led ByYouth Fellowship
Special IntercessionPray for the expansion of the ministry in Kendrapada, protection over our evangelists, and a powerful awakening among the local community.
Thursday, 9th July 2026
Mission Field – Nayagarh
PresidingRev. Benjamin Das
SpeakerMr. Jayanta Kumar Nag
Worship Led ByGolgotha Zone
Special IntercessionPray for the breaking of strongholds in Nayagarh, physical and emotional renewal for our ministry workers, and resources to meet the community's needs.
Friday, 10th July 2026Upcoming Opening!
New Mission Field – Jajpur
PresidingMr. Sandeep Kumar Mohanty
SpeakerRev. Anishim Nayak
Worship Led ByNazareth Zone
Special IntercessionPray for favor and open doors as we prepare to launch this new mission field in Jajpur. Pray that the ground is fertile for the seed of the Gospel.
Saturday, 11th July 2026
Odisha — State-wide Revival
PresidingDn. Mr. Suranjan Thomas
SpeakerRev. Dr. Ayub Chhinchani
Worship Led ByMizpah Zone
Special IntercessionPray for our leaders, peace, and revival across Odisha. We will lift our eyes to the Lord for a sweeping spiritual awakening throughout the state.

We invite every member of our congregation to set aside these six evenings and come before the Lord together. Your prayers matter. Your presence strengthens the body. Come, let us lift our eyes to Him in unity!

Herosection:

Welcome to
Church of Christ
Union Church, Bhubaneswar
ଯୀଶୁ କହିଲେ
"ମୁଁ ପଥ, ସତ୍ୟ ଓ ଜୀବନ"
Jesus Said:
I am the WAY, the TRUTH, and the LIFE
यीशु ने कहा
मार्ग और सत्य और जीवन मैं ही हूँ
"He who dwells in the secret place of the Most High shall abide under the shadow of the Almighty."
Join us this Sunday and experience the presence of God.
ExploreLocate on Map
About us:
About
About Us
Learn more about our mission, vision, and the people behind Union Church.
Our History & Mission
The Church, located in the heart of the city is being used as a WORSHIP CENTER meeting the Spiritual needs of the people. In 1998, the Church was registered as a society under the SOCIETIES REGISTRATION ACT. God has been gracious and we are here not by our strength but by His faithfulness.

Also, in herosection:
GGoogle map link of our church: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Union+Church,+Unit+4+Main+St,+Unit+4,+Bhouma+Nagar,+Bhubaneswar,+Odisha+751001/@20.2761087,85.8342424,18z/data=!4m6!3m5!1s0x3a19a7594579150b:0x23298f0ac9cae304!8m2!3d20.2764338!4d85.833986!16s%2Fg%2F11b8tb49mb?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDUzMS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D

Church Updates section has 3 things which keeps on updating on a daily basis: Weekly Notices, Special Programmes and Speaking Arrangements.
Activity Cards have: Service timing, Sunday School, Counselling and Baptism, CE Union, Women’s Fellowship and Youth Fellowship.
COCUC, Prayer Zones
Find your local prayer zone by searching your area or selecting on the map.
Find on Map
Bethesda Zone
Unit-1, Unit-2, Unit-3, Bapuji Nagar, Ashok Nagar, Kharavela Nagar, Unit-9, Acharya Vihar, RRL Colony, Chandrama Appt.
Ebenezer Zone
Unit-4, Madhusudan Nagar, A G Colony, Police Colony, 120 Battalion, MLA Colony
Gethsemane Zone
Unit-6, Surya Nagar, Airport Area, Ganga Nagar, OUAT Area, Forest Park, New Forest Park
Hebron Zone
Nayapalli, VIP Colony, Rental Colony, IRC Village, Jayadev Vihar
Golgotha Zone
Sahid Nagar, Satya Nagar, Vani Vihar
Sinai Zone
Stewart School Area, BRIT Colony, DAV School Area, Unit-8, Raj Bhavan Colony, Behera Sahi, Baramunda
Bethel Zone
Badagada BRIT Colony, Kalpana Area, Cuttack-Puri Road, BJB Nagar, Lewis Road, Buddha Nagar, Gautam Nagar, Jharpada, Canal Road
Emmaus Zone
Old Town Area, Samantarapur, Rabi Talkies Area, Bramheswarpatna, Satyasai Temple Area
Bethany Zone
Sundarpada, Lingaraj Raod Station Area, Kapila Prasad
Sophia Zone
NALCO Nagar, Samanta Vihar, OSAP, Maitri Vihar, BDA Colony, BDA Basti, Gajapati Nagar - B
Horeb Zone
GGP Colony, Phulnakhara, Kesura, Rasulgarh
Mizpah Zone
Patia, KIIT Campus, Niladri Vihar, Saileshree Vihar, Kanan Vihar, City Commercial Centre, Prasanti Vihar, Nandan Vihar
Hermon Zone
Kalinga Studio Area, Kalinga Nagar, SUM Hospital Area, Khandagiri Bari, Malipada, Ghatikia, Bharatpur
Nazareth Zone
Tamando, Kalinga Vihar, Patrapada, Udayagiri Vihar, Alu Godam, Satyasai Enclave, Tata Ariana, Khandagiri
Zion Zone
VSS Nagar, Gajapati Nagar - A, Rangamatia, Mancheswar Railway Colony, IT Colony, Chakeisiani, Netaji Enclave
Elim Zone
Pokhariput, Jagamara, Jagamohan Nagar, Ganesh Nagar, Krishna Garden, Dharma Vihar, Satabdi Nagar, Dumduma,
If any more details from map is needed, please see the map section by clicking the respective zone in our Prayer Zone map. 

Satellite Churches & Mission Fields
Find our extended church family locations and mission fields across the state.
+−
Satellite Churches
Sundarpada
Coordinator: Evg. Ranjit Singh
Chandrasekharpur
Coordinator: Amon Chandra Nag
Kalinga Vihar
Local satellite church serving Kalinga Vihar.

Latest Videos
Watch our recent messages, devotionals, and community broadcasts.
This section has 3 things which keeps on updating regularly: Sermon, Prato Jyoti and Santi ro barta

Upcoming Events
Scheduled livestreams and premieres from our YouTube channel.
Stay Connected for Upcoming Events
New livestreams and Premieres will appear here as soon as they are scheduled. Please stay connected with us.
“To every thing there is a season, and a time to every purpose under the heaven.”— Ecclesiastes 3:1

Blog & Inspiration
For reading blogs, please read it here in Blog & Inspiration section.

Share Your Testimony
Read how God is working in the lives of our church family, and share your own story of faith and deliverance.
Recent Testimonies
Your Story Matters
Share a Testimony
You can read other’s testimony, also, you can share yours.

Tithe, Offering & Donation
Support the ministry through your faithful giving.
“Each of you should give what you have decided in your heart to give… for God loves a cheerful giver.”
— 2 Corinthians 9:7
If any details of tithes, offering is asked, please tell him to contact church phone number or treasurer (Mr. Suranjan Thomas), or visit the Tithe, Offering & Donation
 Section.

Footer section:
Church Logo 
Church of Christ 
Welcome to Church of Christ (Union Church), Bhubaneswar. Join us for worship, inspiring sermons, and a loving community dedicated to Christ. 
Quick Links 
Home 
About Us 
Timings 
Contact Us 
Contact Us 
+91 7656852269 
pastor@unionchurch.in 
secretary@unionchurch.in 
Feedback Form 
Visit Us 
Lokseva Marg, Unit-4 
PO Box 751001 
Bhubaneswar, Odisha, India 
Locate on map 
© 2026 Church of Christ (Union Church), Bhubaneswar. All rights reserved. 
Privacy Policy 
Terms of Service 
Disclaimer
Privacy policy page:
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: June 2026
Welcome to the Church of Christ (Union Church) website. We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy policy will inform you about how we look after your personal data when you visit our website and tell you about your privacy rights.
1. Information We Collect
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you, including:
•	Identity Data includes first name, last name, or similar identifier.
•	Contact Data includes email address and telephone numbers (e.g., when you submit a prayer request or contact form).
•	Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, time zone setting and location.
2. How We Use Your Data
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, such as:
•	To respond to your inquiries or prayer requests.
•	To manage our relationship with you, including notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy.
•	To administer and protect our website.
3. Data Security
We have put in place appropriate security measures (including SSL encryption) to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used, or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered, or disclosed.
4. Third-Party Links
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins, and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements.
5. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at:

Church of Christ (Union Church)
Lokseva Marg, Unit-4, PO Box 751001
Bhubaneswar, Odisha, India
Email: pastor@unionchurch.in or secretary@unionchurch.in

Terms of service page:
Terms of Service
Last Updated: June 2026
Welcome to the Church of Christ (Union Church) website. By accessing or using our website, you agree to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use.
1. Acceptance of Terms
By accessing this website, you agree to be bound by these website Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws.
2. Disclaimer
The materials on the Church of Christ (Union Church) website are provided on an 'as is' basis. We make no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaim and negate all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
3. Limitations
In no event shall Church of Christ (Union Church) or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on our website.
4. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on our website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. We do not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete, or current. We may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice.
5. Contact Information
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us at: pastor@unionchurch.in or secretary@unionchurch.in

Disclaimer page:
Disclaimer
Last Updated: June 2026
The information contained on the Church of Christ (Union Church) website is for general information purposes only.
General Disclaimer
Church of Christ (Union Church) assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions in the contents on the Service. In no event shall Church of Christ (Union Church) be liable for any special, direct, indirect, consequential, or incidental damages or any damages whatsoever, whether in an action of contract, negligence or other tort, arising out of or in connection with the use of the Service or the contents of the Service.
Church of Christ (Union Church) reserves the right to make additions, deletions, or modification to the contents on the Service at any time without prior notice.
External Links Disclaimer
The Church of Christ (Union Church) website may contain links to external websites that are not provided or maintained by or in any way affiliated with Church of Christ (Union Church). Please note that Church of Christ (Union Church) does not guarantee the accuracy, relevance, timeliness, or completeness of any information on these external websites.
Fair Use Notice
This website may contain copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. We are making such material available for educational and religious purposes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Disclaimer, please contact us at: pastor@unionchurch.in or secretary@unionchurch.in





We encourage you as a congregation to please make yourself available to this Morning Prayer whenever it is convenient for you. We look forward to lifting our voices with you tomorrow morning!





